add how to use matterbuild to cut a plugin release (#439)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/internal/release-process.md

1. Post `/mb setci master` into a private channel.

That's it!

## Using Matterbuild to release and sign a plugin

> Developers and PMs decide when to release a particular plugin. When they want to release they can use Matterbuild to tag a plugin to release and sign the plugin package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers and PMs decide when to release a particular plugin. When they want to prepare a release for a plugin, they can use Matterbuild to tag a plugin to release and to sign the plugin package.
```

> To do that please follow the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, please follow these steps:
```

> 1. Open a PR to bump the plugin version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a PR to bump the plugin version.
```

> 1. Ask for review and when approved merge that PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ask for a review. When approved, merge the PR.
```

> 1. Use `Matterbuild` to tag/release/sign the plugin with the command `/mb cutPlugin --tag vX.Y.Z --repo mattermost/mattermost-plugin-<PLUGIN>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `Matterbuild` to tag, release and sign the plugin with the command `/mb cutPlugin --tag vX.Y.Z --repo mattermost/mattermost-plugin-<PLUGIN>`.
```

> 1. If successul you will see the github release with all artifacts, including the signed files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If successful, you will see the GitHub release with all artifacts, including the signed files.
```

Notes:

> 1. Improvement: make `Matterbuild` able to bump the plugin version as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Improvement to be added: make `Matterbuild` able to bump the plugin version as well.
```

> 2. Only available for plugin repositories under the Mattermost Github org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Only available for plugin repositories under the Mattermost GitHub org.
```
